Transcript navigation by arrow keys (#3703)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: docs/HOOKS.md

-  `typing` lists participants who did not explicitly stopped typing. This list is a superset of `activeTyping`.
-  `visible` indicates whether typing indicator should be shown in normal case. This is based on participants in `activeTyping` and their `role` (role not equal to `"user"`).

## `useScrollDown`

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```js
useScrollDown(): () => void
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> This hook will return a function that, when called, will scroll down on the transcript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook will return a function that, when called, will advance focus down the transcript.
```

> This hook will return a function that, when called, will scroll down on the transcript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook will return a function that, when called, will scroll elements down on the transcript.
```

This hook will return a function that, when called, will smoothly scroll the transcript view to the end.

## `useScrollUp`

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```js
useScrollUp(): () => void
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> This hook will return a function that, when called, will scroll up on the transcript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook will return a function that, when called, will advance focus **up** the transcript.
```

> This hook will return a function that, when called, will scroll up on the transcript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook will return a function that, when called, will scroll elements up the transcript.
```
